["My Way" plays]
♪ And now… ♪
This is it.
♪ The end is near… ♪
End of the line.
[Dr. Folsom] I never took you
for a defeatist.
No, a realist.
-Hm.
-I know my time is almost up.
And I'm gonna spend my last days in… here.
You don't know that. Not for sure.
Come on, Doc.
A guy like me, in a place like this?
I'm just wasting away.
♪ A life that's full… ♪
[Dr. Folsom] That's a choice, though,
isn't it?
You can find meaning, purpose,
even in here.
If you want to.
I've made a lot of mistakes in my life.
♪ Much more than this… ♪
Learned some hard lessons.
♪ I did it my way… ♪
But passing that knowledge on
to my students,
so they wouldn't make the same mistakes,
that…
gave me purpose.
Everything I ever fought for
is lost.
Every mark I made,
every memory of me,
will be erased.
Says who?
The best student I ever had.
He was like a son to me.
And now I have lost him
for good.
Yes, John, you've made mistakes.
But you still have time
to try and make up for 'em.
You told me
you've been fighting all your life.
So keep fighting.
But with your heart and soul
instead of your fists.
Use your remaining time to write yourself
an ending that you can be proud of.
-That's enough.
-This piece of shit's asking for it.
Let it go. It's not worth it.
[Kreese groans]
-Sayonara, Sensei.
-[Kreese groans]
♪ For what is a man? ♪
♪ What has he got? ♪
[man yells]
♪ If not himself ♪
♪ Then he has naught ♪
♪ To say the things he truly feels ♪
♪ And not the words of one who kneels ♪
♪ The record shows ♪
♪ I took the blows ♪
♪ And did it ♪
♪ My ♪
♪ Way ♪
[brakes squeal]
[groans]
[all breathe heavily]
[suspenseful music plays]
[man yells]
[Daniel groans]
You ruined my life, LaRusso.
-Mike?
-Come here!
[growls] You took everything from me.
-Hey. Not Daniel-san's fault.
-Then whose fault is it?
Hey! Get your damn hands off him.
[Daniel groans]
[Daniel] Damn it, Johnny!
-[Barnes grunts]
-Daniel-san, are you okay?
[tense music plays]
-[grunting]
-Come on!
[Chozen] Oi, yamero.
Both of you, stop.
Who the hell is this?
He used to fight for Silver.
His name's Mike Barnes.
-Bad boy of karate.
-[scoffs] Doesn't look so bad to me.
-Wanna go again, chief? Come on.
-Mike, Mike! Look.
I know you're pissed.
You have every right to be.
You're damn right I do.
My-My life was fine before you showed up.
Next thing I know, there's a pile of ashes
where my store was?
That place was leveraged
to the hilt, Daniel.
I'm broke.
My wi… My wife…
I understand, all right? Believe me.
But Silver is the one who's responsible.
He burned down your store.
He's made all of our lives a living hell.
I never meant for you
to end up in his crosshairs.
I will do anything I can, I promise,
to help make you whole again. Okay?
You say you wanna make me whole?
Then you help me tear him apart.
Believe me, he's gonna get
what's coming to him, sooner or later.
I say it's sooner. I say we go beat
that ponytailed bastard's ass tonight.
Mike, come on.
Don't you get it?
This guy just destroys peoples' lives
bit by bit.
And he never faces any consequences.
You know what I see?
I see four consequences right here.
Mike, we can't just show up to his house
and assault him.
This guy destroyed my world.
Want me to just sit here
and take it like a bitch?
I'm gonna beat the living shit out of him.
-Yes.
-I like the way this guy thinks.
-Johnny!
-The bad boy's right, man.
Silver's been screwing us for too long.
He kicked your ass, he kicked my ass.
It was a sucker kick in my case,
but still, it's way past time for payback.
-That's what I'm talking about.
-All right. Chozen. Chozen, help me out.
This is crazy.
I know Silver's address.
Yes! I'm driving.
What? No, no, no! You guys.
You're out of your fucking minds.
Four of us. One of him. [chuckles]
Tonight, we cut off
head of snake. [laughs]
[Daniel] Chozen.
Johnny. Johnny, listen.
We're all drunk.
And judging by the size of his pupils,
Barnes is on something even stronger.
This is a terrible idea.
Yeah, it is. Which is why
Silver's never gonna see it coming.
It's happening, LaRusso. Saddle up.
It's time to put Pandora back in her box.
No. We're not gonna ride for justice
like some party limo posse.
Suit yourself.
[Daniel] Shit. Mike!
Mike!
Are you kidding me?!
[dramatic music crescendos]
So, uh, what's the emergency?
Why'd you have me bring all my gear?
You know as much as we do.
Sam told us to meet here.
At least she's talking to you.
I can't get a response from--
Tory?
What's, uh…
What's up? Hi.
What happened to your hand?
Uh, training accident.
I'm okay.
We think we have a way
to prove Silver assaulted Stingray.
If the attack happened at the old dojo,
Silver installed security cameras.
-So maybe it's all on tape.
-But that place was cleaned out.
[Demetri] That might not matter.
The systems that we sell at TechTown
all save the footage to a central server.
Silver probably took the whole system.
I think he did. There is a server
in his office at the flagship dojo.
If we access it, we can find that footage.
We could post that Stingray clip
to their YouTube channel.
Get ahold of everyone else.
Let them know that we're taking down
Cobra Kai… tonight.
You promised to make
my grandfather's dream a reality.
To bring his karate to the world.
And by gaining acceptance
into the Sekai Taikai,
you're on the verge
of fulfilling that promise.
And yet your rivalries here
remain a concern.
I share your concern,
but I'm not worried.
We'll send them a message
well before the tournament.
And the content of this message?
Stay the fuck out of our way,
or someone will get hurt.
When and how to deliver it exactly?
I don't know yet.
But it won't be subtle.
Aish!
[suspenseful music plays]
[Silver] We have visitors.
[suspenseful music continues]
Whoa, whoa. Wait.
Is that solid oak? Looks heavy as shit.
You'll break your foot.
I'll do it.
Uh, tut, tut, tut.
[suspenseful music continues]
Mike Barnes.
[Silver laughs]
Oh my, it's been a long time.
Oh, I'd say you're keeping well,
but… all evidence to the contrary.
That's what happens when someone
burns your life to the ground.
Oh my, what a crime.
Speaking of crimes,
the one you're all committing right now,
it's called trespassing.
Which means any violence
inflicted upon you herein
will be justified.
Huh. Classic Silver.
Why get your hands dirty
when you can pay someone to do it for you?
[Silver] Sensei Min-Jun
doesn't fight for money.
He fights for the legacy of Master Kim.
For Cobra Kai.
I don't give a shit what he fights for.
I'm gonna knock his ass out.
And then you're next.
All right, come on, buddy. Let's go.
[grunting]
[Min-Jun groans]
[dramatic music plays]
-Get up.
-Behind you!
-[Barnes groans]
-[dramatic music continues]
Uh-oh, fellas.
I don't think this is gonna turn out
the way you thought.
[dramatic music crescendos]
Ah, thank you.
Remember the days
when you'd end a night out
with a big, fat, greasy
two-dollar slice of pizza?
Oh, remember them? I mourn them.
It was so nice to go out though.
With all that's going on,
I haven't been able to let loose in…
I don't know how long.
Tell me about it.
I can't wait to get back to normal.
-If there is such a thing.
-[cell phone buzzes]
[cell phone buzzes]
HUBBY-SAN
Hey, babe. Staying out of trouble?
[Daniel] Barnes hijacked the limo.
He took us to the woods.
Johnny and him fought.
The two of them and Chozen
are heading to Silver's.
What happened?
[Daniel] I'll explain when…
I need you to come and get me.
-What--
-What is it?
I don't… Daniel, where are you?
I have no idea.
I am stranded in the middle of nowhere.
Baby, you're breaking up.
I can't hear you.
I have terrible service out here.
I just need you to come and get me.
I'm dropping you a pin.
[cell phone chimes]
[engine roars]
Amanda.
Daniel, someone's here.
What? Who?
They're parking in our driveway.
Well, can you see? Who is it?
It's Cobra Kai.
Oh God. All right.
Just grab the kids
and call the police right now. Okay?
-Amanda?
-[cell phone beeps]
Amanda?!
No, no, no, no!
Shit!
If it's the same alarm system,
I should be able to bypass it.
Spoken like a man that's done this before.
Karate wasn't my first hobby.
I fractured a law or two before we met.
Or we could just scan my key card.
So that those of us on probation
keep from, you know, violating it.
[Hawk] What's happening?
What's up, man? Sorry we're late.
Someone took forever to get ready.
It's the middle of the night.
-What is she doing here?
-It's fine. She's with us.
-For what we're about to do at least.
-So what are we doing?
All your text says is that we're gonna
take down Cobra Kai. But how exactly?
Gonna show them who their sensei is.
We think we have proof he's a criminal.
We're going upstairs to Silver's office.
We need you downstairs as lookout.
[Hawk] Pulling the clip off the server
is first day of computer camp shit.
-Got it?
-Yeah.
[Hawk] We upload the clip
to the YouTube channel,
and Cobra Kai is out of business.
Okay. Stingray's assault happened
the morning after prom.
Any idea how to disconnect one of these?
Yeah.
-[Robby grunts]
-[camera cracks]
[tense music plays]
I can't believe it's happening.
We're really gonna take Silver down.
Yeah.
What could go wrong?
[grunting]
-Yeah!
-[Kim] It's Nichols.
She's broken into the office.
And she's not alone.
They're hitting us on two fronts.
[grunting]
Take care of it. I'll join you
as soon as I wrap things up here.
[grunting]
[dramatic music plays]
[man growls]
I got these assholes. Go!
[grunts]
[dramatic music crescendos]
[urinating]
Hey. Hey, thank God. Thank God. Listen.
I need your help. I gotta get home.
It's an emergency. Please.
You gotta give me a ride.
I do, huh?
[sniffs]
Maybe walk it off instead.
No, I'm not drunk, all right?
I'm not… I mean, I'm not that drunk.
The limo stopped short
and the champagne spilled everywhere.
-And it just--
-Oh shit. I hate it when that happens.
Hey, look. You're the first person
I've seen in miles.
And I gotta get home now.
And this truck is gonna take me there,
one way or the other.
[tense music plays]
[engine roars]
[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
[dramatic music continues]
[Daniel panting]
Mr. LaRusso.
Come with me if you wanna live.
-What?
-Get in the car. The kids are in trouble.
Kids? W-What kind of trouble?
Just get in. We'll tell you on the way.
[epic music plays]
[man] Asshole!
Okay.
I got it!
[Silver] You wanna be Cobra Kai.
Oh. So you wanna be Cobra Kai, huh?
Sh-Shit.
ERROR: FILE DELETED
-What happened?
-That's all there is!
The rest of it's been erased.
-Silver covered his tracks.
-Of course.
Okay. So-So what now?
[tense music plays]
-There might be other footage we can use.
-You wouldn't know the date and time?
[tense music continues]
[Demetri] Okay. I think I got it.
Is this the clip?
-Yeah, that's the one.
-[Chris] Guys!
-What?
-[Kyler] What are you doing here?
-[Kenny] Hey.
-We'll check it out.
-Stay here. We need that footage.
-[Demetri] Uh-huh.
All right.
[dramatic music crescendos]
Ais!
[tense music plays]
[exhales] So you're with them now?
You knew what would happen
if him and his friends
ever stepped into this dojo again.
-How'd they know we were here?
-I don't know.
[Kyler] Mitch, come on,
get your ass over here where you belong.
[tense music plays]
Penis Breath, how could you?
I don't know. Maybe 'cause
they don't call me Penis Breath.
You guys have been so dead set
on taking down Cobra Kai.
I didn't even wanna leave
in the first place.
I mean, look around.
They got snacks, swag, smoothies.
Our dojo doesn't even have a roof.
Or, like, any chicks. No offense, Sam.
All right. Penis Breath, shut up.
We got a traitor, y'all got a traitor,
so that cancels out.
-Are we gonna throw down or what?
-I'm not a traitor.
I'm just not buying
what Silver is selling.
And neither should any of you.
Silver lied. To all of us.
Us?
What "us"? Only person
who lied to me is you.
Hey. Robby's right.
You don't wanna do this.
Yeah, I do.
[tense music plays]
I am so, so sorry, Mr. LaRusso.
All I wanted
was to get back into Cobra Kai.
I didn't think anybody was gonna get hurt.
I mean, besides me.
That part of the deal was pretty clear.
Now you're doing the right thing.
That's what's important.
The moment I got that group text
from the Cobra Kais
saying they were gonna ambush
your students, I-I knew I had to warn you.
Or, as it happened, Mrs. LaRusso.
-Sam's still not responding.
-It's the same with Anthony.
I can't get a hold of Miguel either.
Or Johnny.
I'm sure Johnny will be okay.
He can take care of himself.
He's got Chozen and Barnes.
We have to get to the kids
before someone gets hurt.
Don't you worry, Mr. LaRusso.
We will.
What are you doing? It's pitch black.
Stingrays see better in the dark.
[engine revs]
[Silver chuckles]
What was it you said would happen
if I crossed your line?
Before I crossed it again and again.
You will beg for mercy.
Right.
[suspenseful music plays]
Well…
it's time to find out.
[tense music plays]
[Chozen exhales]
[grunting]
[Chozen groans]
This is truly disappointing.
I thought you'd at least prove
more of a challenge than LaRusso.
[tense music continues]
Oh, yeah.
Yeah. There's a good sensei.
[exhales]
[grunting]
You think you can hurt me?
I'm running on whiskey and White Claw.
[grunting]
That hurt.
[grunts]
[grunting]
[Silver groans]
[Silver breathes heavily]
Not bad, Toguchi.
But now, time to find out
what you're really made of.
[ominous music plays]
I am not afraid to kill.
[grunts]
[ominous music continues]
And I'm not afraid to die.
[grunting]
Damn it, wait your turn.
[grunts]
[ominous music plays]
[Silver] Come on, Toguchi.
You came all this way.
Let's see what you got.
-[grunting]
-[metal clashing]
[yells]
[grunting]
[tense music plays]
For all the vaunted Miyagi-Do talk
about defense only,
I knew you were a warrior at heart.
Just like me.
You are no warrior.
You know nothing of Miyagi-Do.
[ominous music builds]
[grunting]
[dramatic music plays]
[Chozen grunts]
[grunting]
[Chozen strains]
[Chozen grunts]
[Chozen groans]
[ominous music plays]
[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
[dramatic operatic music plays]
[dramatic music continues]
[grunting]
[metal clangs]
[dramatic music continues]
[Chozen grunts]
[Silver breathes heavily]
I was meant to die on the battlefield.
Do it.
-[Johnny groans]
-Huh?
[Chozen groans]
[dramatic music fades]
[dramatic music plays]
-You good?
-Yeah. You?
Yeah.
[kids yell]
-Devon.
-[Devon grunts]
You don't want to be
on their side. Trust me.
Like you trusted me?
You've been lying about whose side
you were on this whole time.
I know. I'm sorry. I tried telling you--
[Tory grunts]
Dude, it's madness out there.
How much longer?
Almost done. Just a few more minutes.
I need to log in to their YouTube channel
and upload the clip.
-[Kyler] Yo, check upstairs.
-Oh, shit.
-They're coming. Be ready to go mobile.
-Okay.
We're gonna have to upload
and publish via Wi-Fi.
[tense music plays]
[laughs] Yo, man.
It's just Yasmine and Moon's bitches.
Bitches.
You heard Kenny when he dropped your ass.
Just a Faux-Hawk now.
You know what? That's life.
You win some, you lose some,
but you gotta move on.
You never did.
You're still pulling
the same old bully act.
-Everyone you bullied has kicked your ass.
-I haven't.
You'll get your turn. Kyler's too stupid
to ever learn his lesson.
[grunting]
Ais!
-[Kenny] You're mine, Robby.
-[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
-Kenny, stop. I'm not your enemy.
-[Kenny grunts]
[Kenny grunts]
[grunting]
[Kenny yells]
[Robby gasps for breath]
[groans]
[ominous music plays]
[grunting]
[yelling]
[ominous music plays]
You look like shit.
-Where's the other one?
-Outside.
And off the board.
I'm gonna kill you.
[Johnny groans]
That seems unlikely.
Kreese always told me
you were his best student.
I never saw it.
You got guts, Lawrence. [exhales]
I'll give you that.
But just not much upstairs.
Attacking me on my own turf?
Come on.
You never stood a chance.
[ominous music plays]
But if it's any consolation,
at least you won't be around
to screw up another kid.
[ominous music continues]
I got another mess
to clean up at the dojo.
Take care of this.
[ominous music crescendos]
Finish him.
[grunting]
[Kenny] Let's go. Kick him. Come on!
[dramatic music plays]
[Demetri] Holy shit.
[Miguel grunts]
[dramatic music continues]
[grunting]
[groaning]
-[Demetri grunts]
-[dramatic music continues]
Man, that felt good!
Bitch!
[tense music plays]
UPLOADING VIDEO
1%
We got it. All right.
It's uploading to Cobra Kai's channel.
Let's get the hell outta here.
[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
[dramatic music fades]
You disappoint me, Nichols.
Yeah? Well, likewise.
I warned Silver you could not be trusted.
Let this be my final lesson to you.
And a more painful one than the last.
[ominous music swells]
[Miguel grunts]
-[Demetri] Miguel, we got it!
-Okay. Here we go.
-[Kyler grunts]
-[Hawk groans]
[tense music plays]
Get him!
Protect the egg!
[tense music plays]
-[kid yells]
-Ais!
[Miyagi-Do kids] Ais!
[tense music continues]
UPLOADING VIDEO
18%
[Kenny] Ais!
[grunting]
[groans]
-Such a tough facade.
-[Tory groans]
All to hide
the fragile little girl underneath.
[Tory groans]
[Sam] Tory!
[grunting]
[dramatic music plays]
[Sam] Are you okay?
[grunting]
[dramatic music continues]
[boy yells]
[grunting]
[Sam] Anthony!
Lee, do not let Nichols
cloud your judgment.
You are the future of this dojo, not her.
You can be a champion.
Do not throw that away.
Oh, I will be a champion.
But I'll get there my way, not yours.
Go. Save your brother. We've got this.
[engine revs]
[Big Red] Not so fast.
[Daniel] That's just great.
Listen to me.
We just came to get our kids out of here.
So come and get 'em.
That's it. I'm calling the cops.
Go ahead.
We're not the ones that broke in.
Look. I'm not gonna fight a bunch of kids.
You don't have to, Mr. L.
I'll take this trash out.
[rock music plays]
Can you believe this guy?
[grunting]
Oh, oh, oh.
[rock music fades]
Come on!
[dramatic music plays]
Ninety percent.
[grunting]
We're not gonna be able to hold 'em!
-There's too many of them!
-[grunting]
Ninety-five.
UPLOADING VIDEO
96%
[grunting]
UPLOAD COMPLETE
PUBLISHING VIDEO
[dramatic music continues]
[kids grunting]
[grunting]
-Ais!
-[Cobra Kais] Ais!
Ais!
They're trapped. Don't let 'em out.
[shouting]
Oh, that's a lot of kids.
And that's not the B-team either.
Now I'm calling the cops.
[dramatic music plays]
[Daniel] All right.
Knock it off. Knock it off!
[TV chimes]
[Tory] I need to talk to you.
[Silver] Nichols. What's on your mind?
Excited to take things to the next level?
[Tory] What's the point?
You'll just pay to make me champion again.
So you know about the ref.
-Have you told anyone else?
-[Tory] Not yet.
-So you don't deny it?
-Not at all.
I paid him off to make sure Cobra Kai won.
It was an insurance policy.
You still won the fight.
[Tory] Did I?
That's it?
That was your big plan, LaRusso?
Breaking into my dojo
to steal some footage
that changes nothing?
It wasn't his plan.
It was ours.
And it changes everything.
Our enemies…
think they can keep attacking us
with no repercussions.
And what does the enemy deserve?
You think I'm the only one
willing to go to these lengths?
Their senseis
broke into my home tonight.
My home!
Attacked me, unprovoked.
But here I am.
The only one left standing.
[ominous music plays]
[Silver] They think
they're entitled to victory
because their way is "right"
and our way is "wrong."
But that's not how it works.
There are no morals to the story,
no happy endings.
Life isn't a fairy tale.
It's a competitive sport.
Right and wrong, there's no such thing.
[man yells]
[Silver] There are only winners…
[grunting]
…and losers.
[man grunts]
[Silver] Cobra Kai builds winners,
because we're willing
to do whatever it takes
to come out on top.
["Runnin' Wild" plays]
[snarls]
-[Johnny grunts]
-[man groans]
[grunting]
[rock music continues]
♪ Gonna drive all day
Gonna drive all night ♪
♪ Whatever it takes to get to the light ♪
♪ I'm runnin' on rage, I'm outta control ♪
♪ My anger for you
Is like hot burning coal ♪
♪ So you can cry me a river of tears ♪
♪ Yeah, you can cry all you like
But it won't change my mind ♪
♪ I gotta get away
Get you outta my life ♪
♪ You got me runnin' wild and free ♪
♪ Runnin' wild and free ♪
♪ You got me runnin' wild, wild and free ♪
♪ The open road is all I need ♪
♪ Runnin' wild, wild and free ♪
♪ It's never gonna be like it used to be ♪
♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪
-[grunting]
-[Johnny groans]
[rock music stops]
[speaking Korean]
[ominous music plays]
[man snarls]
[man yells]
[Barnes] Come on!
[Barnes yells]
♪ Runnin' wild! ♪
[both breathing heavily]
I did most of this.
Yeah, you did.
Where's Chozen?
Everything you did to try and stop me
amounted to nothing but pain.
You got your ass kicked, Danny-boy.
Now, you can either accept that…
or I can kick it again right now.
[tense music plays]
We're all with you, Daniel.
Do what you have to do.
[suspenseful music plays]
First, I took care of Chozen.
Now you.
This is where Miyagi-Do ends.
[suspenseful music continues]
Miyagi-Do existed before any of us.
It'll be around long after we're gone.
The roots are strong,
so the tree will survive.
[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
[dramatic music continues]
Over the years, I've developed
a system of intensive short-term training
for situations just like this.
It comes in two parts and has three rules.
I call it "Quick Silver."
[exclaims]
[Silver grunts]
[young Silver] Rule number one,
a man can't stand, he can't fight.
[Silver groans]
[dramatic music continues]
[Silver exclaims]
[grunts]
[dramatic music continues]
[grunting]
[young Silver] Rule number two
of the Quick Silver method.
A man can't breathe, he can't fight.
[Silver groans]
[Silver coughs and wheezes]
[dramatic music continues]
Rule number three.
A man can't see, he can't fight.
[Daniel grunts]
[dramatic music swells]
[dramatic music fades]
[somber music plays]
[Silver groans]
[somber music continues]
[Kyler] I'm telling you, I'm the one
that rescued everyone from this place.
This place was becoming cultish.
Some might call me a hero, but…
Oh, it's spelled K-Y-L-E-R.
You know, I gotta say,
originally, th-that testimony I gave,
I was under great duress
as, uh, defined by Magna Carta.
Need a ride?
Yeah. I told Mom I'd be home hours ago.
Don't worry, I got your back.
Hey.
Kenny, listen, I, um--
No, I just…
Just not right now, okay?
Kenny'll come around.
Eventually.
-Listen, Tory, I-I owe you an apology.
-[Tory] I know.
I probably owe you one too.
But I'm not in the mood
for all that heartfelt shit, so, for now…
maybe just kiss me?
[gentle music swells]
Mind if I, uh…
You okay?
Yeah, more or less.
What about you? Any major damage?
Uh…
Think I've had worse.
Is this yours? I found it at Miyagi-Do.
That was, uh…
It was supposed to be yours, but, uh--
But I broke up with you
before you could give it to me.
Something like that.
So you weren't really fine
with breaking up?
Well, it's not what I wanted, but…
you said you weren't okay.
You needed some time, and…
That just seemed
like it was more important.
[romantic music plays]
Thank you.
Means a lot to me.
Of course.
It's what you do when you love someone.
[romantic music continues]
You've never said that before.
Well, uh…
Well, I do.
I love you too.
[romantic music continues]
[Johnny] Hey.
[Johnny sighs]
-[Carmen sighs]
-I don't look that bad, do I?
You've never looked better.
Not literally. We need
to get you to a doctor.
Yeah, I know. We're on our way there.
I just wanted to see you first.
I thought I'd lost you.
You can't get rid of me that easy.
The thought of losing you and Miguel,
Robby, our family,
kicked me into a gear I didn't know I had.
Couldn't stand the thought
of missing the rest of our life together.
[sighs]
All right. Come on.
I got you. Easy, easy, easy.
-Oh, thank you, Mike-san.
-[Barnes chuckles]
Jesus, Chozen.
We gotta get you to a hospital.
Oh, just a flesh wound.
Yeah, but it's like all your flesh.
-Hey. Help me.
-[medic] Yes, sir?
Maybe should have had
a Short Island Iced Tea.
-[Daniel] Uh, yeah.
-[Chozen groans]
Is that a Rembrandt?
Yeah. Gotta be worth at least
as much as a furniture store, right?
[police officer] Unit 14.
Never thought I'd see the day
when Silver was finally in handcuffs.
Given Raymond Porter's revised statement,
Mr. Silver is facing a litany of charges.
That man's lawyers
are gonna be pretty busy.
All right, LaRusso.
You finally took Silver out.
[Daniel] No more looking
over our shoulders at every turn.
Here's hoping Silver
and Kreese end up cellmates.
You mean John Kreese?
You didn't hear what happened?
[somber music plays]
Crazy bastard tried stopping a fight.
He got what he deserved.
[somber music continues]
This is melted Jell-O.
[dramatic music plays]
[guard groans]
[dramatic music continues]
[Kreese] Ais!
[dramatic music fades]
[doctor] Please.
I'm begging you.
For what?
Mercy?
♪ And now the end is near… ♪
[alarm blaring]
Go! Go, go! Backup is en route. Ten-four.
♪ I face the final curtain ♪
♪ My friend, I'll say it clear ♪
♪ I'll state my case… ♪
[Dr. Folsom] You've made mistakes.
But you still have time
to try and make up for 'em.
You told me
you've been fighting all your life.
So keep fighting.
But with your heart and soul
instead of your fists.
♪ And more ♪
[door buzzes]
♪ Much more than this ♪
♪ I did it my way ♪
♪ Yes ♪
♪ It was ♪
♪ My way ♪
[theme music plays]